Instances: Include typing (#1691)
cognitedata/cognite-sdk-python: CHANGELOG.md

- `Fixed` for any bug fixes.
- `Security` in case of vulnerabilities.

## [7.54.0] - 2024-07-12
### Added

> - In the `client.data_modeling.instances` the methods `.search`, `.retrieve`,`.list`, `.query`, and `.sync` now
>   supports `include_typing` parameter. This parameter is used to include typing information in the response.

Reviewer: typo + suggestion
```suggestion
- In the `client.data_modeling.instances` the methods `.search`, `.retrieve`,`.list`, `.query`, and `.sync` now
  support the `include_typing` parameter. This parameter is used to include typing information in the response,
  that can be accessed via the `.typing` attribute on the result object.
```
